[eerie music]
I overheard you talking.
You said there's way more
going on with these sinkholes
than anyone knows.
You're right.
The next sinkhole will create
one of the largest tidal waves
the world has ever seen.
If it looks like
I've been compromised
by the relationship we had--
- Had?
Joseph, take the food,
all of it!
We want to go to the village
and take our food back.
There's going to
be a price to pay.
- You came back just for me?
- Yes.
- You shouldn't have done that.
- Veronica, wait.
Several things
need to be accomplished,
one of which is getting your
friends Josh and Riley back.
Now go back
to the clearing and wait.
- What am I waiting for?
- For Gavin.
- You said Izzy was fine.
- Izzy is fine. She's here.
- Izzy?
- Mom?
[swelling dramatic music]
[soft dramatic music]
♪
[inhales deeply]
[groans softly]
Have you been watching me
all night?
No, not all night.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, yes.
All night.
- [laughs]
I know it's only
been a little while,
but it feels like years.
I was so afraid I had lost you.
I never gave up hope, Mom,
and neither did Dad.
♪
Hey.
I can't remember
the last time
I saw you two
smile at each other.
[both chuckle]
It's nice.
Crazy as it sounds,
I am glad we're here.
I am too.
Uh, but the thing is,
it's not safe here.
Listen, I know you
don't always believe it,
but I can handle myself.
You don't understand
what it's like down here.
Izzy, your mom's right.
It's dangerous.
Which is why we're going
to get Josh back from '88
and we are going to find
our way back home as a family.
But Aldridge is the only one
who can help us get Josh back,
so we have to find her.
I'm going to go talk to the
others and figure out a plan.
[dramatic music]
♪
[sizzling]
You sure they're safe?
- They're eggs.
- Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm?
[clears throat]
Mm-mm, mm-mm.
- Lucas?
- [grunts]
What's happening?
What do I do? What--
- [gags]
- What do I--
[snickers]
- That's not funny!
- Ow.
It was pretty funny.
[laughs in disbelief]
[wind whistling]
Hey!
Top of the morning.
What were you doing
out there?
I just found
a ginormous field of marijuana
where Whole Foods used to be--
or will be.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
Did you, uh, find a cure
for your ankle as well?
You're not limping.
[ominous music]
Weed--
must have dulled the pain.
What the hell is
going on with you, man?
Huh?
You're hiding something.
Wha--interesting theory,
but without a shred of truth.
Anyhoo, enjoy your brekkie.
Little foggy out here,
isn't it?
That guy's the worst liar
I've ever met.
[soft dramatic music]
♪
I'm gonna get some water.
Okay.
Wait!
Veronica?
I just want to know
why you've been avoiding me.
Did I do something wrong?
No, you didn't.
So what is it?
Veronica, I came here
to help you because I love you
and want to have
a relationship.
I'm sorry, I can't.
♪
Gavin, how was your
first night in the clearing?
Not exactly the Ritz,
but it was okay.
What are you making?
- It's a lookout post.
It's good to have eyes on
and around the area,
especially if the
Exiles come for us,
not to mention Paara's people.
What's going on with them?
Lucas, Scott, and Veronica
snuck into the village the
other night, stole some food.
We warned them
how foolish it was.
They wouldn't listen.
The village finds out,
they could retaliate.
Paara's not going
to hurt anyone here.
She's a friend.
Friends don't take your food
and leave you to starve.
Okay, right now
the most important thing
is we get to that building
and we find Aldridge, okay?
Look, it's getting
pretty bad out there.
I remember when fog
like this would roll in.
Once it hits, you can't
see anything or anyone.
We're going to lose visibility soon.
We got to move.
♪
Uh, Gavin.
Hi, I'm Scott.
You might've heard of me.
Josh's best friend?
Or not?
Not a good time, Scott.
I promise you'll want
to hear this.
Rebecca Aldridge
wants to see you.
♪
Where is she?
What did she say?
She's waiting nearby.
She needs to go with you to
the building to get Josh back.
[ominous music]
But no one else can come.
- Why not?
- She didn't tell me why.
But going to the building
is super dangerous,
and she needs you to do it.
Look, Gavin,
she says she can get Josh.
Isn't that why you're here,
to bring your family back?
- Okay, I got to talk to Eve.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Aldridge was very clear.
Eve cannot come
to the building.
You can't tell her
anything about this.
Too late.
I'm going with you.
- Give us a minute, Scott.
- Uh--
- Scott.
Of course.
♪
Just let me talk
to Aldridge here out.
I just don't want you out
there alone, not in this fog.
Okay, and I don't want you
put in any more danger.
It's the same way
you feel about Izzy.
[sighs]
If I have to go to this
building myself, I will.
Let me go find out
what's really going on.
I don't trust her.
Okay.
Do you trust me?
- Yes.
- Yeah?
Okay.
Let me do this.
♪
Yeah.
[zipper zips]
I'm going to bring
our son back.
♪
[dramatic music]
Do you really think
you can charge it?
Theoretically,
anything's possible.
Look at this thing.
It's a phone,
but it's also a camera.
And a computer.
- Oh, my head hurts.
- Just focus.
We need to turn my phone on.
It has all the photos
I took in 10,000 B.C.
This is the only way
we can prove
that there's more going on
with these sinkholes.
We have to make
people believe.
You said it yourself.
Thousands of people are going
to die in the tidal wave
when the next one happens,
including my dad.
I understand.
Okay, here we go.
I think I got it.
[phone chiming]
[gasps and laughs]
You're a genius!
[chuckles in relief]
[suspenseful music]
Classy.
- [chuckles]
These are all the pictures
I took down there.
Oh, my God,
this is unbelievable!
We need to show this to the
head of my geology department
at Caltech,
Dr. Caroline Clark.
She's well renowned
in the field.
We get her on board,
everyone else will follow.
♪
Shouldn't be a problem.
[suspenseful music]
Okay, why the hesitation?
Well, last time I presented
my sinkhole theory to her,
she called it academic drivel,
warned me to never
bring it up again.
Great, so she thinks
you're a crackpot.
Perhaps.
But she'll like you, Riley.
You should talk to her for us.
Come on.
We're running out of time.
[blows air]
Okay.
Aldridge is here and
Gavin went off on his own?
Hey, my dad wouldn't have
done this unless he had to.
I get it, Izzy.
But this is my daughter
we're talking about.
I'm going after them.
Hold on.
Look at this fog coming in.
You'd be walking blind.
You know how dangerous it is
out there on a normal day.
Imagine what it's like
when you can't see
what's in front of you.
Gavin's out there.
And he'll be all right.
Right now, we need
to round everybody up
and hunker down
till this passes.
Fine.
But once this fog clears,
I'm going after them.
♪
How much further, Scott?
Well, when I left Rebecca,
I could see where I was going.
[suspenseful music]
- You're lost.
- [scoffs]
Oh, I am so lost.
[sighs]
[distant howling]
Over here, over here.
Get down, get down, get down.
[howling continuing]
[breathing heavily]
Sorry for being so anxious.
We'll just wait it out
and then they'll pass on.
Okay?
[inhales deeply]
Scott, I need you
to level with me.
What's in that building
that can bring Josh back?
Okay.
You're familiar with the
concept of time travel, yes?
We're in 10,000 B.C., Scott.
Right.
Well, apparently,
there is a room in
that building with a portal
and it can connect
to the future.
You're telling me that
they can control time travel?
That's what Aldridge says,
and I believe her.
She's one of the scientists
that built that place.
They call it the Lazarus.
It's kind of cool.
In a sinister way.
[rustling and twigs cracking]
♪
Aldridge.
It's good to see you, Gavin.
You and I have a lot
to talk about.
♪
- Lucas!
- Hey.
Levi says he wants
everyone back in the clearing
till the fog passes.
- I just need a minute.
- Why?
What are you looking for?
That ginormous field of weed
Scott was talking about.
I thought you
said he was lying.
Yeah I did, and he is.
And I'm gonna prove it.
Well, I can't see anything,
which is Levi's point.
Come on, let's go back.
No matter how much we try
to help the Sky People...
Over there.
They come into our home
and disrespect us.
We will no longer stand for it.
I think they're
from Paara's village.
Our village has been wronged,
but they will learn
to never cross us again.
A price must be paid!
Today!
[all grunt]
I told you we shouldn't
have taken their food.
Okay, uh, come on.
[ominous music]
[birds calling]
Sam!
Hey, hey!
We got a problem.
- What's wrong?
We were out in the woods
about a mile away
and we saw a bunch of warriors
from the village.
There are ten of them
at least.
All armed, ready for a fight.
They're coming for us.
This is exactly
what we told you would happen.
Yeah, well I didn't
see anyone complaining
when they were
eating their breakfast.
Hey, why don't we skip the
arguing and figure out a plan?
We need to hide!
Hide?
How are we going
to find a place to hide if
we can't see where we're going?
He's right,
we're not going anywhere.
We're trapped.
There's only one option.
We'll have to defend ourselves.
We've got a gun
with no bullets,
a few baseball bats,
and some flares.
We can't defend ourselves
with that.
Then we think
outside the box.
We need to create
a diversion.
What are you thinking?
Gather up as many clothes
as you can find
and build a big fire.
The fire would
lead them right to us.
That's exactly
what she's hoping for.
Fire, wood, and clothes.
Find as much as you can.
Let's move.
[indistinct chatter]
Hold on. Look.
Hey.
If Paara is behind this,
I can reason with her.
Ty, I'm sorry,
but if she wanted to talk,
then her people wouldn't be on
their way ready to attack us.
We wouldn't be
in this position
if I'd done a better job
of keeping the peace.
I can't just watch this happen
and do nothing.
There's a lot you can do.
We need your help here.
- Sam--
- I know you care for her.
I do.
But she's made her choice.
Can't make everyone happy
all the time.
You need to make a decision.
It's either us or them.
[dramatic music]
♪
I already
got them up to speed
on the whole time travel thing.
I was going to tell
them about the Exiles.
I know you just escaped
from them.
Unfortunately,
we have to go back.
That's our way
into the building.
You're out of your mind.
The Lazarus uses
the black rock from the caves
as a fuel source
to power the portal.
The Exiles are about
to send in another shipment.
And we hijack it.
That's our way in.
Once we're inside,
we get to the top floor,
which is
where the portal room is,
and we're going to access it
with this.
[clinking]
No, there has
to be another way.
Oh, believe me,
we gave it a go.
There is an
underground security door
which I thought I could bypass
with my old credentials.
Turns out I was wrong,
so I had to come up
with a new plan,
which is where we are now.
And why not just tell
everyone the truth, Aldridge?
Why all the lies?
What we have to do
is dangerous.
Not everyone needed to come.
I didn't want to put
everyone's lives at risk.
Oh, but it's okay
to put mine in danger?
Gavin,
I didn't have another choice.
You have a role to play in all
of this, which only you can do.
[soft suspenseful music]
Is this about my parents?
Silas told me
that they're still alive.
Yeah.
They are.
I've known your father and
mother for a very long time.
The three of us and Silas,
we're part of the team
that created Lazarus.
You're saying
my parents are--
are scientists?
Yeah, very good ones.
Are they still here?
Who's there?
[rustling]
[ominous music]
♪
Paara?
It's me.
♪
Isiah.
[both chuckle softly]
- Ty told me you had returned.
- Yeah.
I wish we were meeting again
under better circumstances.
A group of my people
are on their way
to attack the clearing.
♪
No, my--my--
my family are there.
No, you can't let them.
It wasn't my decision,
but I'm going to stop them.
- I'm going with you.
- No, no, Gavin!
There's no time!
That shipment could leave
the caves at any minute.
We have to get there right now.
It's the only way
to save your son.
♪
[wood clatters]
Careful!
There are some roots
over there, don't trip.
[indistinct chatter]
[groaning softly]
[wood clatters]
[groaning]
- Ty!
- [panting]
Ty, are you okay?
I'm okay.
Look, you should--
you should take this back.
I'll gather some more.
- Okay. You sure?
- Honestly, I'm fine.
- Okay.
[breathing heavily]
♪
[rustling and twigs cracking]
Hello?
♪
Anthony?
Dr. Coleman?
Is it really you?
[laughter]
How is this even possible?
I-I fell in the sinkhole.
Did you too?
Yeah.
I think the last
time I saw you was--
You were on my couch.
[sighs]
This is unbelievable.
- It's so good to see you!
I can't tell you how many times
I wish
I had a psychiatrist down here.
[laughter]
Hey, how are you feeling,
by the way?
- I'm doing okay.
- Yeah?
Thank you for asking.
But what have you
been doing down here?
How have you survived?
I found a group
of people from La Brea.
I couldn't have
made it without them.
- Where are they?
- I'm not sure.
We were foraging,
then the fog rolled in
and I got separated.
I need to find them.
Can you help me?
Oh, Anthony, look.
I--I would love to,
but I've got friends here too.
They're in danger.
I can't just leave them.
Dr. Coleman, anyone
who's out here is in danger.
Please!
I need you.
[soft suspenseful music]
♪
Okay. I'll help you
find your friends.
[knife scraping]
Izz, listen to me.
I need you to promise me you're
going to stay on this bus.
It's safer here.
But I want to help.
Mom, I told you
I can handle myself.
Izzy, this isn't a debate.
Did you make Josh hide
every time something bad
was about to happen?
You have to stop treating me
different because of my leg.
Izzy, this isn't
about your leg.
[scoffs] Yeah, right.
It's always about my leg.
That's not true.
You know, before my accident,
everything was better.
You and Dad were happy.
We were a happy family.
We both know
it's why you broke up.
Your accident had nothing
to do with that.
- Please don't lie to me.
- I'm not.
There were so many things
we didn't tell you guys about
to protect you.
Believe me!
I made mistakes,
your dad made mistakes.
I know about dad's drinking.
[sniffles]
I know you guys had problems,
but that's not
why you split up.
It was my fault.
[soft dramatic music]
There were
a lot of things going on
that you didn't know about.
Like what?
They're coming!
[dramatic music]
They're coming.
Is everything set?
Yeah, we're good.
All right,
let's get in position.
♪
I'm not staying here.
Fine.
You stay close to me.
[tense music]
♪
[shouting and war cries]
[snarls]
What the hell?
Now!
[survivors shouting]
[dramatic music]
You're surrounded
and outnumbered.
Drop your weapons and go.
We're not going anywhere.
Joseph!
Stop this!
[tense music]
How could you do this?
Dad's back.
They stole from us.
This can't go unpunished.
I decide the punishment...
just as I'll be deciding yours.
[distant howling]
♪
[wolves snarling]
Oh no.
[tense music]
Mom?
Everybody run for cover!
Come on, let's go!
Go! Go!
[all shouting]
- Come on! Go, go!
[barking and snarling]
♪
Eve!
[wolf barking]
Come on!
Becca!
[Rebecca screaming]
[wolf yelps]
Scott, help!
Scott!
Scott, come on!
- Okay, okay.
Go, go, go, go, go!
[Rebecca groans]
In there! Go!
♪
[barking and snarling]
Go, in the bus!
Come on!
[Joseph groaning]
♪
- Get on the bus.
- Mom?
Go, I'll be right there.
Come on!
Izzy, in here!
[Joseph groans]
- Let me help you.
[wolf snarling]
♪
Get up!
[bestial snarling]
[arrow zips]
[wolf whimpers]
♪
- Are you all right?
- Yeah.
Let's get him in here.
[Joseph groans]
[wolf snarling]
Go, go, go!
♪
[distant howling]
That's coming
from the clearing.
We have to go back. Now.
You want to go back there?
No.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Look at me.
Anthony, look at me.
Remember what we used
to talk about?
Our mind is often
the biggest obstacle.
You can do this, okay?
Okay.
[distant howling]
- Come on.
[Joseph groaning]
- You're gonna be okay.
[ominous music]
Thank you.
[wolves howling]
- Hey.
I'm going to borrow this.
- Why?
'Cause I got
to get to the bus.
Eve--
I know how to shoot
a bow and arrow.
I used to hunt with my dad.
- Izzy is with Sam.
She's going to be okay.
- [sighs] It's just--
What?
She thinks the reason
Gavin and I broke up
is because of her leg.
She just told me that.
You got to be kidding.
I can't believe she's
been carrying this around.
Why would she never tell me?
Probably because
she feels guilty.
Have you told her about us?
No, I want to,
but I just--
I don't know how.
When we get out of this,
you have to tell her
the truth--
her and Gavin both.
They deserve
to know what's going on.
I know, I know.
You're right.
[wolves barking and howling]
I gotta get to her.
[bestial snarling]
♪
[wolves snarling and howling]
All right, open the door.
- That's not a good idea.
- Please, Sam.
My mom and my dad
are out there.
So are the wolves.
Okay, listen, listen.
Listen to me.
I haven't been able to protect
the ones I love,
but I damn sure am
going to protect you.
I can't let you go out there.
[soft dramatic music]
[sobbing]
♪
I can't breathe.
[panicked gasping]
[shushing]
Listen, listen.
[sobbing]
Remember when Aaron
would put us in our room?
What'd we do we were scared?
[sobbing and gasping]
We'd close our eyes
and we'd imagine
we were somewhere else.
Close your eyes.
[sobbing and gasping]
- Are you there?
- [sobbing and gasping]
[softly] Yeah.
That's good, Veronica.
- [shakily taking deep breaths]
- That's good. Okay.
Just hang in there.
Hang in there.
Don't worry.
I'm a fast healer.
Scott can attest.
She's fairly incredible
that way.
- Hey, Aldridge?
- Mm-hmm?
You saved my life back there.
Thank you.
It's the least I could do.
You need to know that
I did not want to involve you
in any of this.
But we don't always get
to choose our own path.
Sometimes it's chosen for us.
[wolf barking and snarling]
[suspenseful music]
Gavin?
- Mm-hmm?
Go help your family.
Okay.
♪
[ominous music]
[wolf sniffing]
♪
[approaching footsteps]
[wolves snarling]
♪
[loud thumping]
- Uh-oh.
- What was that?
[wolves snarling]
They're on the roof.
[claws tapping and scratching]
♪
[metallic rattling]
[wolves snarling and barking]
What the hell are they doing?
They're trying to get inside.
♪
[wolves howling]
[indistinct chatter]
[soft dramatic music]
♪
Dr. Clark?
Yes?
Sorry to bother you,
but I'm a friend
of Franklin Marsh.
He said you might be able
to help me.
Perhaps it's better
if you find Dr. Clark
during her office hours.
A sinkhole is going
to open in the ocean
and cause a tidal wave.
Please, you have to listen!
I've been over this
with Franklin.
But I have something new
to show you.
I know this sounds crazy,
but these pictures were taken
in the year 10,000 B.C.
That's a saber-toothed tiger.
It's real.
I got there through one
of the sinkholes.
Granted,
the camera's a nice touch,
but it's obviously
some Hollywood prop.
[scoffs]
And those photos? Come on.
The Soviets have been
making more convincing fakes
for years.
Dr. Clark, I'm risking
everything to be here.
There's a way for me
to get back to my family
which could go away any minute,
but I am here
because I believe Franklin.
Please, you need to listen.
I'm sorry,
but I'm late for a meeting.
♪
[whispering]
Listen, I believe you.
Come with me.
There's something
I need to show you.
Well, I'm not the only one
that's interested.
I need to bring my friend too.
[snarling and thumping]
[tense music]
♪
Ella, you need
to know the truth.
[growling continuing]
I've been avoiding you because
I don't
deserve your friendship.
[soft dramatic music]
♪
When Aaron took you,
I saw you first
outside the church.
You were alone,
and I pointed you out.
♪
I--I chose you.
[sobbing]
And I'm--I'm so sorry.
♪
[sobs softly]
I know you.
You're a victim too.
And I know
you're not a bad person.
♪
I forgive you.
[sobbing quietly]
♪
[snarling intensifying]
- [gasps]
[wolves barking and snarling]
Everyone stay calm!
[tense music]
Thought
you could use some help.
Oh man, those wolves
are literally eating that bus.
Can't possibly taste good.
We shouldn't be here, come on--
- [shushes]
[thunder rumbles]
I have an idea.
[snarling continuing]
♪
Gavin.
We have to get to the bus.
Izzy's there.
Apparently Gavin has a plan.
We still have those rocks
from the cave?
Yeah.
What are you thinking?
Those rocks
are a fuel source.
I'm gonna need your help.
- Okay.
[wolves snarling]
- Whoa, whoa. Sam?
- What are we gonna do?
[intense dramatic music]
♪
It's okay.
[wolves yelping]
[suspenseful music]
Okay.
[exhales deeply]
[all screaming]
Get away from the window!
[intense dramatic music]
We're okay.
[wolf snarls]
One more good shot
and that breaks.
[thumping and rattling]
- Dad!
- Everyone get down!
Go! Get down!
♪
Where's Mom?
[bowstring creaks]
♪
[whispers] Ready?
[tense music]
♪
[all panting]
Are they gone?
[wolves whimpering]
Mom did it.
We're safe.
We're safe!
[swelling dramatic music]
♪
[fire crackling]
Sam.
How's Aldridge doing?
She lost a lot of blood.
Next few hours are critical.
If there's
anything we can do.
You've already helped enough, Paara.
Thank you for everything.
I know
we've had our differences,
but we're hoping
we can move past that now.
I couldn't agree more.
Your wife saved Joseph's life.
For that, we are grateful.
And you must come
visit your home sometime.
You've been missed.
I'd like that.
♪
Okay.
Hey, Izz?
Can I talk to you for a second?
[soft dramatic music]
[sighs]
I need you to trust me
when I tell you
that your leg
had nothing to do
with your father and I
separating, okay?
No, we don't have
to talk about it.
No, we do have
I can't have you believing
something that isn't true.
[sighs]
Do you remember
how hard it was?
Your dad's visions,
his drinking?
And I was--
I was so alone
and I was so scared.
[sighs]
And Levi,
he was there for me.
♪
He helped me through it and--
uh...
things just kind of happened.
♪
[exhales deeply]
Oh, my God.
That's why you broke up.
Um, that's part of it.
But things with your dad and I,
they were broken.
♪
I love your father
and I love our family.
♪
But...
I love Levi.
I still do.
♪
You angry?
[sighs]
A little bit.
♪
Just--
[scoffs]
I thought that when
we got you and Josh back,
we'd be a family again.
Honey, we're always
going to be a family.
Does Dad know all of this?
Not everything.
When are you
going to tell him?
I don't know.
♪
No matter what happens,
we will always love you.
Okay.
♪
[labored breathing]
Hey, sorry, I need a minute.
[panting]
I should never have
left the clearing.
[groans]
It's a problem I have.
I want to help everyone
and I end up hurting
the people I care about most.
It's happened before.
What do you mean?
Please, sit.
♪
About a year before we got
down here, you called me.
You were in trouble,
needed my help.
Me and my wife, we were, um--
we were going through
a tough time.
She begged me not to go,
but I did.
♪
We never really recovered
from that.
She would always tell me
I never put her first,
and she was right.
- I'm--
- Oh, no, no.
It's--it's just funny how
history has a way
of repeating itself.
Ty?
Paara.
Are you okay?
You're never going
to believe this.
This is an old patient of mine, Anthony.
[ominous music]
Wait, he was--
he was just right here.
[soft downbeat music]
♪
What?
There was no one there, Ty.
You were alone
talking to yourself.
♪
Oh, my God.
Has this happened before?
A hallucination?
♪
Hallucination.
No, it can, um...
it can be caused
by my condition.
Means it's getting worse.
Come on.
Let's get you back.
Hey, Paara, wait.
♪
I've made so many mistakes
in my life.
I don't want to make
another one with you.
I couldn't see
what was important before.
Now I can.
I choose you, Paara--
over the clearing,
over everyone.
Ty--
I don't know how
much time I have left.
But whatever it is,
I want it to be with you.
♪
I never told you this, but...
I was married before.
I didn't think I'd want
to spend my life
with another man...
till I met you.
[soft dramatic music]
Come back to the village
with me.
I'll take care of you.
[swelling dramatic music]
♪
So what exactly were
you going to show us?
It's just in here.
Okay.
Thank you for bringing them, Mattie.
You can go.
What the hell is going on?
I'll ask the questions.
Who sent you?
What?
No one sent us.
You traveled
from 10,000 B.C. to 1988
just to work
with Franklin Marsh?
I don't think so.
I assume you work for James.
- Who?
I know James is trying
to stop my work,
but I'm not going to let him.
It's too important.
Sorry, lady,
but we have no idea
what you're talking about.
Why did you come to 1988?
We didn't mean to.
That was a mistake.
We needed to bring
a little boy to an aurora
and get him through safely.
He had to get to '88.
And then Silas,
his grandfather,
tried to stop us.
Silas?
What was the boy's name?
Why?
Just tell me.
Isiah.
I--I know this is
going to sound crazy,
but he's actually my dad.
Not yet.
He will be in the future.
Wait.
You know who Isiah is,
don't you?
He's my son.
♪
But--but that would mean--
you're my grandmother.
[wheezing faintly]
- Hey, Rebecca.
- [wheezing faintly]
No, no, no.
Sam, help!
She needs help!
Hey, just stay with me.
[breathlessly] Scott, listen.
I'm sorry I can't be there
to finish what we started.
No--
You're going to get
to where you need to go.
I promise.
You just hang in there, okay?
Rebecca?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
[weakly] Gavin.
I'm not going to make it,
but you're not alone.
Your mother--
her name is Caroline.
She's in 1988,
but she's coming back
to set things right.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait,
what do you mean, coming back?
Why is she in 1988?
Can she--can she help Josh?
Rebecca, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Can she help Josh?
[Rebecca wheezing]
Rebecca?
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, stay with me.
I can't do this without you.
Hey, hey, stay with me.
Hey.
[ominous music]
♪
She's gone.
[The National's "Light Years"]
[somber piano music]
♪
♪ You were waiting outside
for me ♪
♪ In the sun
♪ Laying down
to soak it all in ♪
♪ Before we had to run
♪ Oh, the glory of it all
♪ Was lost on me
♪ Till I saw how hard
it'd be to reach you ♪
♪ And I would always
be light years ♪
♪ Light years away from you
♪
♪ Light years,
light years away from you ♪
[owl hoots]
[sighs] Aldridge
was our way into that building.
What are we going to do now?
We're gonna do
exactly what she wanted.
We're gonna go to the cave,
hijack that shipment,
and deliver it ourselves.
[dramatic music]
And then we're going
to get our kids back.
[dramatic music swelling]
♪